# ToCM_reference_data
A python library to process reference data usefull for my projects.


## How to
This is a small code example of how this library works
```python
import tocm_reference_data as ref
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

for line in ref.Bondarenko_2020.figure1f.lines:
    plt.plot(line.x, line.y, label=line.label)

plt.legend()
plt.show()

print(ref.Bondarenko_2020.metadata)

```

## Library management
The package comes with a standard library from the Theory of Condensed matter group at the University of Groningen. Unfortunately we do not have the copyright to share other data. However, we made it easy to add your own references.

### Creating references
First you need to create a library folder. 
```
mkdir mylibrary
```
In this library each reference should be contained in its own folder. The folder name will become the name of the reference when imported into `tocm_reference_data`. The folder should at least contain three files:
- `[name]_fig[id].csv`
- `[name]_reference.json`
- `[name]_info.json`

The first file `*fig*.csv` is the data file containing the data of figure. Currently only `.csv` filetypes are supported. The `*reference.json` file contains the citation data of the corresponding figure. This file can be automatically generated by most bibliography software by exporting to `.json`. The `*info.json` file contains the paths to the data and reference files. For more details look at the files themselves.

### Adding / removing a library
The package allows you to manually add or remove a user generated library. This is done with the commands
```
tocm_reference_data --list-libraries
tocm_reference_data --add_library [absolute_path_to_library]
tocm_reference_data --remove_library [index of library as found with --list-libraries]
```

